📖 Updated upgrade documentation (#3530)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/tasks/upgrading-clusters.md

> # Upgrading clusters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Upgrading management and workload clusters
```

## Considerations

### Supported versions of Kubernetes

> If you are upgrading the version of Kubernetes for a cluster managed by Cluster API,

Reviewer 2: Should we say something about not skipping minor versions = (eg. 1.16.x --> 1.18.x) ?

Author: Added

check that the [running version of Cluster API on the Management Cluster supports
the target Kubernetes version](../reference/versions.md).

You may need to [upgrade the version of Cluster API](upgrading-cluster-api-versions.md)
in order to support the target Kubernetes version.

### Images

For kubeadm based clusters, infrastructure providers require a "machine image"
containing pre-installed, matching versions of `kubeadm` and `kubelet`, ensure
that relevant infrastructure machine templates reference the appropriate image
for the Kubernetes version.

> ## Upgrading using the Kubernetes API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upgrading using the Cluster API
```

### Order of upgrades

You should always first upgrade the control plane before upgrading workload nodes, typically
managed by `MachineDeployments`.

> ### Upgrading the control plane

Reviewer 2: there is already some documentation at https://cluster-api.sigs.k8s.io/tasks/kubeadm-control-plane.html#upgrading-the-control-plane-machines, might be good to consolidate

Author: I'll cross link.

Author: Consolidated into this document, and cross-referenced from the kcp doc.

1. Modify the `KubeadmControlPlane` for the cluster, and update the `infrastructureRef` (if required to reference a new
   machine image), and the `version` field to the new Kubernetes version.

> 2. You can review then review the roll out of the upgrade by looking at the `updatedReplicas` field of the status of the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
2. You can review the roll out of the upgrade by looking at the `updatedReplicas` field of the status of the
```

# Upgrading management and workload clusters

## Considerations

### Supported versions of Kubernetes

If you are upgrading the version of Kubernetes for a cluster managed by Cluster API, check that the [running version of
Cluster API on the Management Cluster supports the target Kubernetes version](../reference/versions.md).

You may need to [upgrade the version of Cluster API](upgrading-cluster-api-versions.md) in order to support the target
Kubernetes version.

In addition, you must always upgrade between Kubernetes minor versions in sequence, e.g. if you need to upgrade from
Kubernetes v1.17 to v1.19, you must first upgrade to v1.18.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Images

For kubeadm based clusters, infrastructure providers require a "machine image" containing pre-installed, matching
versions of `kubeadm` and `kubelet`, ensure that relevant infrastructure machine templates reference the appropriate
image for the Kubernetes version.

## Upgrading using Cluster API

The high level steps to fully upgrading a cluster are to first upgrade the control plane and then upgrade
the worker machines.

### Upgrading the control plane machines

#### How to upgrade the underlying machine image

To upgrade the control plane machines underlying machine images, the `MachineTemplate` resource referenced by the
`KubeadmControlPlane` must be changed. Since `MachineTemplate` resources are immutable, the recommended approach is to

1. Copy the existing `MachineTemplate`.
2. Modify the values that need changing, such as instance type or image ID.
3. Create the new `MachineTemplate` on the management cluster.
4. Modify the existing `KubeadmControlPlane` resource to reference the new `MachineTemplate` resource in the `infrastructureRef` field.

> The final step will trigger a rolling update of the control plane using the new values found in the `MachineTemplate`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The next step will trigger a rolling update of the control plane using the new values found in the new `MachineTemplate`.
```

#### How to upgrade the Kubernetes control plane version

> To upgrade the Kubernetes control plane version, which will likely, depending on the provider, also upgrade the
> underlying machine image, make a modification to the `KubeadmControlPlane` resource's `Spec.Version` field. This will
> trigger a rolling upgrade of the control plane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To upgrade the Kubernetes control plane version make a modification to the `KubeadmControlPlane` resource's `Spec.Version` field. This will trigger a rolling upgrade of the control plane and, depending on the provider, also upgrade the underlying machine image. 
```
